let's compare the news like this And what do you see, we were told that you ran away from the Kherson region, from the Kharkov region, from the Kyiv region, is this true or do you see it differently, you are still there and by the way, no, it was an interesting maneuver Yes, I am not a SPO Good evening Good evening I am from Ukraine the city of Khmelnitsky city of Russia I am from Krasnodar region go part of part A where in Krasnodar or somewhere on the front you know in the World Cup the joke somewhere on the border mobile Zro or contract went to contract to contract went to contract himself A in what year But I always have people who for the sake of what this is what your ultimate goal should be so that you think that you have Victory is the ultimate goal Yes, so that you can decide that everything is just everything there is nowhere to go further everything is Victory is not Well, look for example here you are now dying Kherson died and Kherson was given away by the Ukrainians This is what should be how can you understand that Russia will win this is what Lvov should capture Kyiv what 7 Boshe Well, you know  until what
point should you fight that is until
what point will they throw you
to die until there is no one to
fight against funny really
yes or until there is no one to fight
really there will always be someone to fight
[music]
Why in
here
you are doing super well with
this look  then explain to me as a military man
I am just a civilian how did it
happen that you are coping If you
got a beating near Kiev in the Sumy
region Chernihiv Kharkov
Kherson all regions you look at the
city of
Khmelnitsky this is plus or minus here in the
location where between Kiev and Lviv
in the middle Well okay here between  Kim and
Lvov That is, further west than all the
action takes place Yes, we have
no military action, only arrivals It happens I
say That to the west, than all these
actions you are now
sending you Well, which you are watching Well,
yes, and people Yes, they
tell and I
accompany, look at us  according to the news, I told you
directly what I see Well, let's
compare the news And what do you see, they
told us that you ran away from
Kherson
regions with Kharkov with Kyiv is it true or do you see it differently you are there still from Kyiv region ran away What exactly when when February was April yes Or in general Well when it all just started and there by the way Well no it was an interesting maneuver Yes I don't argue it was Yes I understand yes now you will cling to every word of mine I mean I have a normal attitude towards it and ours were shouting something like Ukraine - It's been a week or two Yes in turn I don't argue yes ours were shouting ours were wrong that Ukraine is there for a week, two and a month, it's all nonsense Well, roughly speaking, in fact, our people under Ukraine, under Kiev, quickly ended up, well, a day or two, and then back They returned because we had difficulties on the borders, which you know what they are difficulties and Pyaterochka is the same Mariupol Wait, what did you leave Kyiv because of Mariupol our troops withdrew back again that is, did I understand correctly that they left Kyiv Because Mariupol is not only  Mariupol I say
let's say Mariupol Even the same oh
okay let's say good and from the Kharkiv
region there is Balakleya raisins Why
[music]
your guys ran away Well done here I am not like that but
from Kherson Why did they
run away Kherson
not from Kherson itself they crossed to the
left bank of Kherson so Kherson on  right
bank city Kherson only on the right
bank roughly speaking crossed and stand on the
map Look at the city of Kherson completely
on the
city Exactly Kherson region Well the
region went to the fields there the Armed Forces that is the city
surrendered Why is it so
and what about the dams about the flooding
you have heard nothing Kato ti  in order
not to be flooded That is, it turns out you left
By the way, you went to the shore that is lower
To avoid flooding, you went from the high
shore to the low one,
built turrets, yes, what is the point?
Look, it turns out we figured it out Yes,
what since April, you have only been moving away,
moving away  move away move away so that is
nothing has been working out for you since April there
they knocked you out there they
knocked you out there And where then are you
saying that you  don't watch the news but
see And what do you see then that
contradicts this
news contradictions Yes Listen to us they
also
send You in what region that's not about
the news But in what region are you fighting
now I'm now on the border with Kharkov
Belgorod region yes until ten Well that
is  did you see all these fugitives from the
Kharkov region, yes, who your
troops fled to Belgorod? No, not them, I did
n't see them. By the way, how didn't you see
them? I wonder where they
went? Well, because before that I was on the
border with the Lugansk region. Yeah, I get it,
what did you do?  on the border with Lugansk
if Lugansk was
occupied because I am a
border guard let's say so until the united
border was not perceived then Well, in
fact, the border has not been drawn I am there you are
now doing As a border guard of the
Belgorod region just go
patrolling the borders or as
from No I carry out services directly on the
border  Well, how exactly? That is, you
walk with a dog, for example, which I can’t
understand. What does
the dog have to do with us? We
arrive at the position. Su Pony. Well, how? We
just sit at  here we have ours let's say so
here it is let's say so the border line Yes, let's
take our village on our side and
somewhere well 500 meters and a village on your
side there are already yours let's say
so they lie according to yours yes yes ra Well, how are
ours ours according to yours yours according to  ours so
let's get back to what you are fighting for,
what is Ukraine fighting for, it's clear that it is fighting for
what, to get its territories back and
reach the borders of the ninety-first year,
yes, that is, our approved
international borders. And you, what is it for,
if you die, for example?
So what will your parents think, what did
you die for? Let's start with the fact that I'm not going to die,
no one is going to,
really no one was going to die, out of all
the dead, no one was going to die. It
turns out that way. Well, if you
die like that, what for? Then what for?
for the sake of something Well, that is, it turns out that
this death is generally meaningless for the sake of
something for the sake of what the Motherland called for
Well, and the Motherland explained to you what you are
fighting for, for example, if My  grandfather fought
against
also fought against the Germans yes yes Our
grandfathers understood who they were fighting against And
what they were fighting for because the Germans attacked our
country And what are you fighting for,
your
Motherland explained to you Well, you know anyway
You heard about denazification  This is first
Well, what do you see? If
denazification Why Azov which they seemed to
say Nazis why did they give them back to
Medvedchuk they hugged the truth And if
demilitarization then look the other way around
Ukraine after this beginning of this war
on the contrary Nakano now weapons will only
increase the number of
weapons Well that's why
our let's say so you  you know who and won't
slow down that is you are even afraid to
name that's the joke that the
state sends Russians to die for
no one knows why they are even afraid to
name
Putin's last name you know so they
said I just once again Why
name if you know Why once again
call this name
yes Well we are not in a fairy tale Lord Harry
Potter so that
this is what you yourself know who it is you
said Lord  Well Putin Well I'm
telling you E there
are already dead names Among your friends from
my friends Yes Wow good not a single one not a
single one Yes interesting cool And how does it
happen like that Everything is dead that's
exactly Among your friends there are none
well he knows among my friends not a
single one  there are no casualties Cool yeah
somewhere Maybe you are somewhere there, in short,
just sitting and playing cards
Well, how do we serve Yeah And your
parents have a lot of acquaintances who are on the front lines
And how do your parents feel about the fact that
you are at war in  foreign
country Well, how can I tell you my father
I don't know fortunately or unfortunately has
n't seen this for about d years, let's say
he's not on this earth
and my mother Well, how worried he is Of course, but my
mother uh Well, you mother mother doesn't ask
my son why  you are fighting
I am not asked such questions Cool And
what city is your mother from? Where are you
from? Well, from the same place as I am from
Krasnodar Krai from Krasnodar
Krai not from Krasnodar itself from the edge Yes from the
edge Yes but do you have gas in your village
Yes  here it is  you live like you
think you
live richly Well I
'll say it's
normal but it's normal you have a good car
Mom
has one there's a
new Kalina Well the latest one
some kind of joke Well I don't know It's not there
wait you're not laughing Yes you don't
understand it I mean they're making fun of it  these
cars mom Lanu because the order
in s and you for yourself what kind of car bought and
why those I
yes By the way now without a car and before
that were with a
car Yes what kind of
car was there what
year eighth
Bykhov so Such a rich country oil gas
diamonds So where is all this  what happens Yes,
for example,
you can't do this, you're fighting for this country
Yes, but you can't do it for yourself So it
sends you to a foreign country to die Yes, but
uh, Putin, for example, can afford a
palace Yes, but you can't afford a
normal car, that's the logic then
I can't understand how this is Where does
all the gas, diamonds,
oil go Where do they go
Yes So we already have it now I don't understand why
you even we are arguing about this topic even we are
not a year but we already have it on  let's say
it this way, in fact, it turned out at the
legislative level, let's say it this way, that all this is
not the property of the
people.
Well, the state, that is, the state and the
people, are different things.
Well, that is, the people do not govern
the state.
Yes. Despite all the facts, no, but the
state sends this  people
wait wait wait wait wait
you are not saying now what I am not saying
that our state is ideal and that
everything is just right we have nuances and
minuses that in fact need to be changed I am
not against changing this but personally as an
individual I am not  I can change it myself and it
turns out look in Russia I do
n't ask anyone everyone as individuals
can't do anything so that is in Russia it turns out
people are nobody in terms of decision making
but the state throws them to die in a foreign
country in a foreign country you have the
right to die yes  in Ukraine, for example,
you have no right to manage your resources, elections of the president of the deputies there,
everything is simple, you have no resources, you cannot
manage anything. That is, you, in short, so you
understand
that your state is robbing you  I
understand correctly Yes, I understand, but you are fighting for him,
but you are fighting for him
in a foreign country, well, the topic is a little more
complicated, yes, a very complicated topic I am fighting I am
fighting, let's not say for my
state, by the way, I am fighting because
I signed a contract with my
state, which  So it turns out that
I understand correctly, then it turns out
that your state stole money from you.
And now it hired you, you signed a
contract, it pays you part of this money stolen from you,
and you fight for it, so it
turns out, imagine,
imagine. Yes, it sounds
terrible,
it sounds like it is not
being invested.
Yes.  ok For example,
the war ended, let's say you survived. So
you will return to the same state, the
Russian Federation, if it still
exists. So who says that
I will continue to serve here? Well, you
will live in Russia, so if Russia
remains, I love you. So you will return and
serve there.  contract war is over you
returned to Russia So the
Russian top will stop robbing
your Gas Oil
diamonds Yes of course
not who will stop there I don't understand
That is all Russians Yes they say that
we don't choose anything  we don't elect a president, a
deputy, we have everything, we
don't influence anything, we are nobody, well, in short,
they are fighting, fighting, telling you that I want to
continue living here, maybe I don't want to continue living
where am I
going, I have no choice, I will have to
continue to
exist here and try to somehow  then
move And have you ever in your life gone
to rallies, for example, some kind of rallies, for example, to
raise your taxes, for example, to
reduce them, for example, or to
build roads, honestly, I
had, let's say,
much bigger questions for myself in the
state before that, I have  there was no time for
rallies because I was always
somewhere let's say at work at
work was in studies trying to
get ahead in order to then implement let's
go by sea I had to go on a
contract You know about our so to
speak our our our to say
coronavirus
we can't swim  They banned swimming but in
our companies they started cutting
places They just started cutting places I tried to get
a job in one company they told me
we have our own people who need to be hired
So if you have a
round sum in your pocket then look here
Imagine you are given an order like this  go to
attack there in the Kharkov region here
you will be
thrown over there
will be questions by this moment
here you have an order you have a bunch of
questions you have a bunch of questions
in class now but you have an
order I will have an option either I
do it or
I will go like this let's say  Gezer Well, it
turns out that I just don't
understand
Here are people They don't decide anything in Russia,
yes, in short, they are robbed, but they go to
fight against a foreign country, theirs is the
government that There, it turns out, the crooks and thieves are
thrown at, let's say, about
90 percent, probably, and
Prim  90
people believe in this, well, in what is
happening, they absolutely support it,
absolutely
and that it is all
worth it, but you, like me, I am not saying that I am
not saying that it is all wrong, but I am
not saying that it is all
right, that is, for example,  I'm not
saying that it's a phone but I'm not saying that
it's not a phone
Yes, I understand that for you it seems
very strange,
stupid
Yes, for me it seems a little bit
incomprehensible in terms of what's
going on Why was this done by the Armed Forces with
what  the purpose of all this
is done who is at all At the origins of all
this
prokhim we are leaving know they made a decision
Yes to attack
Ukraine that's how it
would be
different with us and all sources
even Russian sources say Putin
signed a decree like about a special military
operation to invade Ukraine Well I  I
don't argue Well, that's it What other
sources of yours say about why all this
was done this is all already nonsense
everything starts because of Why why did he
attack whoever climbed in is
wrong just not Well, that's what I mean  what you see
we did it in that
because then
we stood up for what DNR
LNR I already have Honestly speaking I would
argue with you about DNR LNR But after
you say that you
don't decide anything there Yes in Russia  that's not it
I'm talking about why we said all this
because of
what, that is, in February in the
twenties we had a speech and
said that we are borrowing the
associate professor of the Lugansk
Republic and as if we are declaring a
special military operation A  look
like this let's go for the last time do you know such a
channel Vladimir
Zolkin when there will be time now we will
finish summer look Vladimir he is there with
Roland he communicates with Russian prisoners of war
who ended up in Ukraine and
so they tell all these stories Yes
maybe those will be
interesting
good mental slavery then  there are people who
understand that they are nobody nothing but they go to
fight for this country subscribe to my
Telegram right now it is and this is very and
very important YouTube is busy with us through a
scary ban and very many videos I don’t
show people sometimes I don’t show
information about streams for that  that
we Mali operational links are written
right now and while there in telegram okm video there is
also interesting and useful information and we
are sorry for you constant
operational links
independently in that will show you about This
YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe